OSDOCS#8773: Agent configuration reference assembly (#69292)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_with_agent_based_installer/installation-config-parameters-agent.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="installation-config-parameters-agent"]
= Installation configuration parameters for the Agent-based Installer
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: installation-config-parameters-agent

toc::[]

Before you deploy an {product-title} cluster using the Agent-based Installer, you provide parameters to customize your cluster and the platform that hosts it.

> When you create the `install-config.yaml` and `agent-config.yaml` files, you provide values for the required parameters through the command line. You can then modify the `install-config.yaml` and `agent-config.yaml` files to customize your cluster further.

Author: I'm not sure either, I took this wording from similar reference pages in other installer sections and modified it to include agent-config. Would this phrasing seem better to you?
```suggestion
When you create the `install-config.yaml` and `agent-config.yaml` files, you must provide values for the required parameters, and you can use the optional parameters to customize your cluster further.
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="installation-config-parameters-agent"]
= Installation configuration parameters for the Agent-based Installer
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: installation-config-parameters-agent

toc::[]

Before you deploy an {product-title} cluster using the Agent-based Installer, you provide parameters to customize your cluster and the platform that hosts it.
When you create the `install-config.yaml` and `agent-config.yaml` files, you must provide values for the required parameters, and you can use the optional parameters to customize your cluster further.

include::modules/installation-configuration-parameters.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/agent-configuration-parameters.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* xref:../../installing/installing_with_agent_based_installer/prepare-pxe-assets-agent.adoc#prepare-pxe-assets-agent[Preparing PXE assets for {product-title}].

> * xref:../../installing/installing_bare_metal_ipi/ipi-install-installation-workflow.adoc#root-device-hints_ipi-install-installation-workflow[Root device hints].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:../../installing/installing_bare_metal_ipi/ipi-install-installation-workflow.adoc#root-device-hints_ipi-install-installation-workflow[Root device hints]
```

Author: This is a duplicate of the comment below, so I'm assuming this is meant for the first list item in this Additional Resources list. I'll remove periods from both items.

Reviewer: ooops. yes :)

> * xref:../../installing/installing_bare_metal_ipi/ipi-install-installation-workflow.adoc#root-device-hints_ipi-install-installation-workflow[Root device hints].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:../../installing/installing_bare_metal_ipi/ipi-install-installation-workflow.adoc#root-device-hints_ipi-install-installation-workflow[Root device hints]
```
